initial commit of getting started migration (#5)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/index.md

# Commerce Web APIs

> REST, GraphQL, and Getting Started

Reviewer: This needs to be a sentence describing the web APIs, not a list.

<Resources slots="heading, links"/>

## Resources

> *  [PHP Developer Guide](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development)

Reviewer: Add a link to the REST API reference - https://magento.redoc.ly/2.4.4-admin/

> [Getting Starting](get-started/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Getting Started](get-started/)
```

> The Magento web API framework provides integrators and developers the means to use web services that communicate with the Magento system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Commerce web API framework provides integrators and developers the means to use web services that communicate with the Adobe Commerce.
```

Comment out the other discover blocks
